[improve][doc] add managedLedgerDataReadPriority configuration description (#18354)
apache/pulsar: site2/website/versioned_docs/version-2.10.x/reference-configuration.md

|managedLedgerUnackedRangesOpenCacheSetEnabled|  Use Open Range-Set to cache unacknowledged messages |true|
|managedLedgerOffloadDeletionLagMs|Delay between a ledger being successfully offloaded to long term storage and the ledger being deleted from bookkeeper | 14400000|
|managedLedgerOffloadAutoTriggerSizeThresholdBytes|The number of bytes before triggering automatic offload to long term storage |-1 (disabled)|

> |managedLedgerDataReadPriority|Read priority when ledgers exists in both bookkeeper and the second layer storage, option values (tiered-storage-first, bookkeeper-first) |tiered-storage-first|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|managedLedgerDataReadPriority|Read priority when ledgers exist in both BookKeeper and the second layer storage. Option values are `tiered-storage-first` and `bookkeeper-first`. |tiered-storage-first|
```

Author: thx your suggestion.
